feat(anta): Add support of CSV file export (#672)
aristanetworks/anta: docs/cli/nrfu.md

```
![$1anta nrfu json results](../imgs/anta-nrfu-json-output.png){ loading=lazy width="1600" }

> ## Performing NRFU with saving results in CSV file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Performing NRFU and saving results in a CSV file.
```

> The `csv` command in NRFU testing is useful in generating a CSV file with all tests result that can be analyzed, filtered by operator for reporting purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `csv` command in NRFU testing is useful for generating a CSV file with all tests result. This file can be easily analyzed and filtered by operator for reporting purposes.
```

### Command overview

```bash
anta nrfu csv --help
Usage: anta nrfu csv [OPTIONS]

  ANTA command to check network states with CSV result.

Options:
  --csv-output FILE  Path to save report as a CSV file. It only saves test
                     results and not the output from --group-by option  [env

>                      var: ANTA_NRFU_CSV_CSV_OUTPUT]

Reviewer 2: I would move `It only saves test
                     results and not the output from --group-by option` to the command help rather than here

Author: Agreed, but it will be only visible with `anta nrfu csv --help`

```bash
❯ anta nrfu --help G csv
  csv         ANTA command to check network states with CSV result.
❯ anta nrfu csv --help
Usage: anta nrfu csv [OPTIONS]

  ANTA command to check network states with CSV result. It only saves test
  results and not the output from --group-by option.

Options:
  --csv-output FILE  Path to save report as a CSV file  [env var:
                     ANTA_NRFU_CSV_CSV_OUTPUT]
  --help             Show this message and exit.
```

Reviewer 2: yes but group-by is anyway only available using `anta nrfu table --help` so now I am even questioning adding this
